people next who is talking
romario's deputy
Former soccer player romario edmundo
romario
Who is speaking here is the Brazilian.
Romario I want to start this speech of mine.
that the first congratulating the people
for these manifestations
made yesterday
today I believe that they continued
I also believe that as of yesterday
and manifests itself with these attitudes of the
our people
our rulers have to understand
definitely from now on that the
day shenanigans slutty theft
dishonesty, lack of respect for
people
that's the policy of brazil her
definitely it has to serve to
to do good
I respect what we see there I will speak
some data for you that I have
sure that the world knows
Just to register Brazil when
accepted to be the host country of the world cup
in 2007
the forecast was for more or
minus 20 3 billion
we are in 2013 this forecast already
it's 28 and we can not forget
the world cup
still a year and a few months away
you imagine 7.1 billion reais
This could provide Brazil with the
following situations that I will say
here eight thousand and eight thousand new schools
could of the population 39 thousand buses
school children
28 thousand sports courts across the country
the money that was spent on the mane
garrencha you want to know
could be built 150 thousand houses
low-income people
average income of people who do not have
but do not go there and we put almost
one and a half billion in the stadium where
was beautiful reaping practical not much
and a year from the
confederations
there after the Confederations Cup good
some things have to be redone
that did not work out and new things to
the world cup that determines this
is the real president of fifa today
His name is the real president of
country today is called fifa that fifa arrives
here in our country
set up a state within our state
and this is another important piece of information
last South Cup had an expense of 77
billion
Japan had an expenditure of 10.1 billion
real
Germany had an expenditure of 10.7 that the
Brazil is already spending 28 points
something or I 'm sorry to
Stupid expression, huh?
money is of the people is lack of respect
it is a lack of scruple in something else that
I could as well pass without speaking
people know me that started
Imagine how many people are
thereby enriching the idea when
arrived in the liberal house of the
my article
and the deputy afonso hamm to ask
we asked that fifa leave 10% of their
profit for the money to be
fully invested in football
of those teams that do not have much
tradition and also in people with
any kind of disability to be able to
have opportunity to practice the sport
until today you will not leave something else
last year the commission that exists in
parliamentary front house in defense of
disabled person had almost everyone
us deputies in rio de janeiro through
the president of the time, who
through ronaldo at the time promised that
disabled people with low
would have 32 thousand tickets for the
world Cup
the current president of our country who
fifa flame
She's going to get here and she'll make a profit.
4 billion reais
and would have to pay more or less taxes
sumbe and will not pay or she comes
riding the circus and not spend any
it takes everything to ask me if I am
against the world cup is not enough
and I'll say more
back when the country received as a country
seat of the world cup I was there
present and made me the two questions
Brazil is going to be a father is in a position to do
the world cup and is able to do
one of the big ones my response from that
of that time was not only conditional
how will you make the largest cup of all
times
only after so many years of 2007
this way things